Welcome to my Lin's Restaurant for consumption today.
Buy today
My Lin's Signature Thirteen Spiced Crayfish
Over 5kg
Give a pot of milk tea for free.
What's new about milk tea?
I don't know. It sounds good.
The gentleman in this restaurant is really rich
50% off on the first day of opening
Go and try it
The two of you, please wait
Stop talking nonsense
Everyone, get out of here
The restaurant is closed today
Why?
Why should I ask you?
You open a restaurant in our Bianzhou
Is there any official permission?
You are operating without a license.
My restaurant is doing well
Don't you need any proof?
How dare you argue?
Press it back for me, what are you looking at?
Get out of here
Don't go yet
What do you want? Let go. What do you want?
Boy, you open a restaurant here and don't visit the pier
So rampant
Where did you put the face of the adult?
It's too much to go back
i
Lord Lin Yi has brought it back
You are that arrogant boy Lin Yi
I can't imagine the number of times you are dignified
How dare you use such a despicable hand
You should insult the beginning, my lord
It doesn't matter if young people are new to Bianzhou
I don't understand my rules
I can forgive you once.
It's okay to give you another chance
Opportunity for what?
As long as you are willing to make 50% of the profit on the ninth floor
Shangfeng official
I can keep you safe